labonge then I'll show you the
What am I reading in the month of April 2014?
right 62 ending the final line of the
andre the ranking of that book
memories of him and also about the art of
writing or anything else
I'm good at the very end I think
today, female
should have 30 pages to read and soon
but I'll make a video about this book
which I'm finding inefficient
national very good people
I am also the the legend of the temptation
impossible to take vargas llosa which is a
book he wrote about the
victor's miserable on goal and I 'm
still at the beginning of this lime book 50
pages more or less as soon as you finish
reading this book I make a video
so we can talk about the amazing
sensational the miserable and at last I go
comment on this book is also there
was that my project of a tale
per day and the first story book that
I picked it up at the beginning of the year.
here the file barreto is what are the tales
complete with this super cool edition
and what happens
I read a point until the end of March.
per day and I'm on page 440 of this
book this book has over 700 pages
So you see, they 're still reading a
tale could this book here for whatever
June determines then I resolved to abort
one against the day with barreto file I go
put this book and for reading and
and I'll pick up other books
account and to Helleno per day because the
my original idea was to separate
tales right I could use the month of
October is a mystery tales of a robot
things like this one do not
there is a lot to see and we agree
tales are super short and have about
of 100 there two pages a few stories are
Larger lines, right?
but most have two-page type
then it was not working to make a
I tell a story a day with this one I'm going to put
for reading then this month and I'll get
some other collection of books
mystery in the team
of mystery tales for him reminds and
separating through the ruhr
for now will see is in the last video
channel in the closing video of the month
March
I forgot to show you that I
he had also finished the third one
volume by itself jackson nec went to
curse of the titan
I really liked the third book I
I liked the third one more than the
previous right but anyway am not yet
so mega fan of jackson pass is not
fun and everything but anyway it is then
now in the month of April I volleyed the
fourth volume that is berg and webern
probably the maze battle
anyway it is not even started yet further
of this month
then in April I also want
too crazy for the kid who is the third
book dow jones but as told
you in the last book I do not remember
very well of the first two books of
bne day 11 the first book when i read
I was in school I still had to
16 and 17 years the jazz in August the second
book had already begun to work on
your dvd so 19 or 20 years but anyway
I do not remember the books very well and
my memory of this story that is
medium mixed with the memory of the
movies, right?
and movies are different from books
so I'll reread by de jong this month he
then finish the technology by reading then
the third and last volume that is crazy
by the boy was released last year and
such
who lent this book went to joão
kisses and thinks to leave the link below
to her blog that is the lipstick of
clarice a very cool blog who does not
knows
know it is so this is it and so people
fill in jones are booklet this clip
So I say little books is not for everyone.
- need not at last are books that
he's good like this
but they are very fast reading books
so I know the time I get these
books here to read this one he has
about 300 pages that in two days I
I can read that it's already a little bigger
wine has more than 400 pages and that
take a little longer to read
mastic beach volley super fast that
we could be goodbye
People either do not know or even
now this my current phase I will find
It was a fun time for another writer.
chick lit that I also liked in this
The time that I went to reread afterwards, I found it bad.
It's but I know a lot of people who like it.
people kiss you nothing against who like
of mercantis but did not want to survive
to re-read even with a little fear of
relief from where you do not like
I do not think we'll see there we 'll see if
Even then I go back to make a video.
about videogames
So these are the books that are in
March in the month of April
I'll find a way to fit another one.
free in the middle is to be know each other
Finally, let's go to the five options of
You choose from the month of April.
Come on then, I've separated five books.
Here, for you, you can vote.
By the number you can vote for the name
the book or the author's name right I
I'll leave the book titles and the
names of the authors right there in the box
information from this video, right let's
there then the number one option
suicides of ricardo lísias i bought
this year's book biennial book
I have not read it yet and finally
Leu liked it a lot and here it has not been
read option number one
option number 2 I'll put here
then being the one that knocked him down is already got
a lot of people talking about this book that
in blogs gringos is not here that
nobody talking about him even more people
Look at the car here.
book
Anyway, since this is not the
second option is the third option and a
last month's reroute I'm going to put
here again your voice inside of me still
It's a florest, it's been well voted up to
Last month I'm not mistaken Fourth option
a repeteco of the month of February that was
only a richard yacht dream is in
A very cool movie about this book.
I told you I really like the
movie that book that I have not finished
read
He had to hit a hundred pages to
I left I do not remember
because I really want to see this book
also and finally the fifth and last option
It was chosen, did you give her lunch there?
I also hoped to pass the password hype of this
book here will pass everyone spoke
I bought this book because
I really like my income from there and
She is the mother whom she directed produced.
wrote a screenplay for a very
I'm glad you and all of us are right.
I am seeing a year won I think I
you and all of us
if I will write downstairs in the box
information film cute people went
very cool indeed and she has a book of
tales that I really like and this
her book was released in 2012 her name
I have not read it yet so we'll be the
fifth option
Come on then let's recap
first choice the suicide bombers '
ricardo lísias second feudal option
hongbo third choice your voice within
me a strong fourth option was only one
dream of the rector and alex and fifth option o
It was your choice when you give me an online snack .
right
much then the result as usual
I'll put it there on facebook page
if you do not already know the
page a link is down there and you
can then vote until the 12th on the 12th
Of april
It's a Sunday, I'll post the photo I had.
of the book then winner there in the fanpage and
Whoever wants to read us together can
do at last to discuss the book is
When you make the video, feel free.
Alright then that's it if you liked it
do not forget to give a jewel of
help share a kiss for everything
world has mothers